README.md, before:

# TaxJar Sales Tax API for Node [![NPM Module](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/taxjar.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/taxjar) [![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/taxjar/taxjar-node.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/taxjar/taxjar-node) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/taxjar/taxjar-node/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/taxjar/taxjar-node)

Official Node client for Sales Tax API v2. For the REST documentation, please visit [http://developers.taxjar.com/api](http://developers.taxjar.com/api).

## Requirements

- Node 0.10.0 and later.

## Installation

```
npm install taxjar
```

## Authentication

```javascript
var taxjar = require('taxjar')(process.env.TAXJAR_API_KEY);
```

## Usage

### List all tax categories

```javascript
taxjar.categories().then(function(res) {
  res.categories; // Array of categories
});
```

### List tax rates for a location (by zip/postal code)

```javascript
taxjar.ratesForLocation('90002').then(function(res) {
  res.rate; // Rate object
});
```

### Calculate sales tax for an order

```javascript
taxjar.taxForOrder({
  from_country: 'US',
  from_zip: '07001',
  from_state: 'NJ',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '07446',
  to_state: 'NJ',
  amount: 16.50,
  shipping: 1.5,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      unit_price: 15.0,
      product_tax_code: 31000
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.tax; // Tax object
  res.tax.amount_to_collect; // Amount to collect
});
```

### List order transactions

```javascript
taxjar.listOrders({
  from_transaction_date: '2015/05/01',
  to_transaction_date: '2015/05/31'
}).then(function(res) {
  res.orders; // Orders object
});
```

### Show order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.showOrder('123').then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### Create order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.createOrder({
  transaction_id: '123',
  transaction_date: '2015/05/14',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '90002',
  to_state: 'CA',
  to_city: 'Los Angeles',
  to_street: '123 Palm Grove Ln',
  amount: 17.45,
  shipping: 1.5,
  sales_tax: 0.95,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-9',
      description: 'Fuzzy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### Update order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.updateOrder({
  transaction_id: '123',
  amount: 17.45,
  shipping: 1.5,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-0',
      description: 'Heavy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      discount: 0.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### Delete order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.deleteOrder('123').then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### List refund transactions

```javascript
taxjar.listRefunds({
  from_transaction_date: '2015/05/01',
  to_transaction_date: '2015/05/31'
}).then(function(res) {
  res.refunds; // Refunds object
});
```

### Show refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.showRefund('321').then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### Create refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.createRefund({
  transaction_id: '123',
  transaction_date: '2015/05/14',
  transaction_reference_id: '123',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '90002',
  to_state: 'CA',
  to_city: 'Los Angeles',
  to_street: '123 Palm Grove Ln',
  amount: 17.45,
  shipping: 1.5,
  sales_tax: 0.95,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-9',
      description: 'Fuzzy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### Update refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.updateRefund({
  transaction_id: '123',
  amount: 17.95,
  shipping: 2.0,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-0',
      description: 'Heavy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### Delete refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.deleteRefund('123').then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### List nexus regions

```javascript
taxjar.nexusRegions().then(function(res) {
  res.regions; // Array of nexus regions
});
```

### Validate a VAT number

```javascript
taxjar.validate({
  vat: 'FR40303265045'
}).then(function(res) {
  res.validation; // Validation object
});
```

### Summarize tax rates for all regions

```javascript
taxjar.summaryRates().then(function(res) {
  res.summary_rates; // Array of summarized rates
});
```

## Testing

```
npm test
```

Commit message:

Add error handling section to README

README.md, after:

# TaxJar Sales Tax API for Node [![NPM Module](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/taxjar.svg?style=flat-square)](https://npmjs.org/package/taxjar) [![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/taxjar/taxjar-node.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/taxjar/taxjar-node) [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/taxjar/taxjar-node/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/taxjar/taxjar-node)

Official Node client for Sales Tax API v2. For the REST documentation, please visit [http://developers.taxjar.com/api](http://developers.taxjar.com/api).

## Requirements

- Node 0.10.0 and later.

## Installation

```
npm install taxjar
```

## Authentication

```javascript
var taxjar = require('taxjar')(process.env.TAXJAR_API_KEY);
```

## Usage

### List all tax categories

```javascript
taxjar.categories().then(function(res) {
  res.categories; // Array of categories
});
```

### List tax rates for a location (by zip/postal code)

```javascript
taxjar.ratesForLocation('90002').then(function(res) {
  res.rate; // Rate object
});
```

### Calculate sales tax for an order

```javascript
taxjar.taxForOrder({
  from_country: 'US',
  from_zip: '07001',
  from_state: 'NJ',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '07446',
  to_state: 'NJ',
  amount: 16.50,
  shipping: 1.5,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      unit_price: 15.0,
      product_tax_code: 31000
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.tax; // Tax object
  res.tax.amount_to_collect; // Amount to collect
});
```

### List order transactions

```javascript
taxjar.listOrders({
  from_transaction_date: '2015/05/01',
  to_transaction_date: '2015/05/31'
}).then(function(res) {
  res.orders; // Orders object
});
```

### Show order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.showOrder('123').then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### Create order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.createOrder({
  transaction_id: '123',
  transaction_date: '2015/05/14',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '90002',
  to_state: 'CA',
  to_city: 'Los Angeles',
  to_street: '123 Palm Grove Ln',
  amount: 17.45,
  shipping: 1.5,
  sales_tax: 0.95,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-9',
      description: 'Fuzzy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### Update order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.updateOrder({
  transaction_id: '123',
  amount: 17.45,
  shipping: 1.5,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-0',
      description: 'Heavy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      discount: 0.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### Delete order transaction

```javascript
taxjar.deleteOrder('123').then(function(res) {
  res.order; // Order object
});
```

### List refund transactions

```javascript
taxjar.listRefunds({
  from_transaction_date: '2015/05/01',
  to_transaction_date: '2015/05/31'
}).then(function(res) {
  res.refunds; // Refunds object
});
```

### Show refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.showRefund('321').then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### Create refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.createRefund({
  transaction_id: '123',
  transaction_date: '2015/05/14',
  transaction_reference_id: '123',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '90002',
  to_state: 'CA',
  to_city: 'Los Angeles',
  to_street: '123 Palm Grove Ln',
  amount: 17.45,
  shipping: 1.5,
  sales_tax: 0.95,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-9',
      description: 'Fuzzy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### Update refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.updateRefund({
  transaction_id: '123',
  amount: 17.95,
  shipping: 2.0,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      product_identifier: '12-34243-0',
      description: 'Heavy Widget',
      unit_price: 15.0,
      sales_tax: 0.95
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### Delete refund transaction

```javascript
taxjar.deleteRefund('123').then(function(res) {
  res.refund; // Refund object
});
```

### List nexus regions

```javascript
taxjar.nexusRegions().then(function(res) {
  res.regions; // Array of nexus regions
});
```

### Validate a VAT number

```javascript
taxjar.validate({
  vat: 'FR40303265045'
}).then(function(res) {
  res.validation; // Validation object
});
```

### Summarize tax rates for all regions

```javascript
taxjar.summaryRates().then(function(res) {
  res.summary_rates; // Array of summarized rates
});
```

## Error Handling

```javascript
taxjar.taxForOrder({
  from_country: 'US',
  from_zip: '07001',
  from_state: 'NJ',
  to_country: 'US',
  to_zip: '07446',
  to_state: 'NJ',
  amount: 16.50,
  shipping: 1.5,
  line_items: [
    {
      quantity: 1,
      unit_price: 15.0,
      product_tax_code: 31000
    }
  ]
}).then(function(res) {
  res.tax; // Tax object
  res.tax.amount_to_collect; // Amount to collect
}).catch(function(err) {
  err.detail; // Error detail
  err.status; // Error status code
});
```

## Testing

```
npm test
```
